src/content/test-project.md, before:

---
layout: project
title: This is a project
ghimage: https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats&show_owner=true
image: img/testimg-cover.jpg
author: [Scott]
date: 2019-09-30T07:03:47.149Z
draft: false
excerpt: Below is just about everything you’ll need to style in the theme. Check the source code to see the many embedded elements within paragraphs.
tags:
  - Tests
---

# Heading 1

## Heading 2

### Heading 3

#### Heading 4

##### Heading 5

###### Heading 6

---

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, [test link]() adipiscing elit. **This is strong.** Nullam dignissim convallis est. Quisque aliquam. _This is emphasized._ Donec faucibus. Nunc iaculis suscipit dui. 5<sup>3</sup> = 125. Water is H<sub>2</sub>O. Nam sit amet sem. Aliquam libero nisi, imperdiet at, tincidunt nec, gravida vehicula, nisl. <cite>The New York Times</cite> (That’s a citation). <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Underline</span>. Maecenas ornare tortor. Donec sed tellus eget sapien fringilla nonummy. Mauris a ante. Suspendisse quam sem, consequat at, commodo vitae, feugiat in, nunc. Morbi imperdiet augue quis tellus.

HTML and CSS are our tools. Mauris a ante. Suspendisse quam sem, consequat at, commodo vitae, feugiat in, nunc. Morbi imperdiet augue quis tellus. Praesent mattis, massa quis luctus fermentum, turpis mi volutpat justo, eu volutpat enim diam eget metus. To copy a file type `COPY filename`. <del>Dinner’s at 5:00.</del> <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Let’s make that 7</span>. This <del>text</del> has been struck.

---

## Media

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore.

### Big Image

![Test Image](img/testimg1.jpg)

Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur.

### Small Image

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore.

![Small Test Image](img/testimg2.jpg)

Labore et dolore.

---

## List Types

### Definition List

Definition List Title
: This is a definition list division.

Definition
: An exact statement or description of the nature, scope, or meaning of something: _our definition of what constitutes poetry._

### Ordered List

1. List Item 1
2. List Item 2
   1. Nested list item A
   2. Nested list item B
3. List Item 3

### Unordered List

- List Item 1
- List Item 2
  - Nested list item A
  - Nested list item B
- List Item 3

---

## Table

| Table Header 1 | Table Header 2 | Table Header 3 |
| :------------: | :------------: | :------------: |
|   Division 1   |   Division 2   |   Division 3   |
|   Division 1   |   Division 2   |   Division 3   |
|   Division 1   |   Division 2   |   Division 3   |

---

## Preformatted Text

Typographically, preformatted text is not the same thing as code. Sometimes, a faithful execution of the text requires preformatted text that may not have anything to do with code. Most browsers use Courier and that’s a good default — with one slight adjustment, Courier 10 Pitch over regular Courier for Linux users.

### Code

Code can be presented inline, like `<?php bloginfo('stylesheet_url'); ?>`, or using [jekyll's highlight
filter](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/templates/#code-snippet-highlighting) to
highlight a block of code. Because we have more specific typographic needs for code, we’ll specify Consolas and Monaco ahead of the browser-defined monospace font.

```css
#container {
  float: left;
  margin: 0 -240px 0 0;
  width: 100%;
}
```

---

## Blockquotes

Let’s keep it simple. Italics are good to help set it off from the body text. Be sure to style the citation.

> Good afternoon, gentlemen. I am a HAL 9000 computer. I became operational at the H.A.L. plant in Urbana, Illinois on the 12th of January 1992. My instructor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a song. If you’d like to hear it I can sing it for you. — [HAL 9000](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HAL_9000)

And here’s a bit of trailing text.

---

## Text-level semantics

HTML elements

<p>The <a href="#">a element</a> example <br>
The <abbr>abbr element</abbr> and <abbr title="Title text">abbr element with title</abbr> examples <br>
The <b>b element</b> example <br>
The <cite>cite element</cite> example <br>
The <code>code element</code> example <br>
The <del>del element</del> example <br>
The <dfn>dfn element</dfn> and <dfn title="Title text">dfn element with title</dfn> examples <br>
The <em>em element</em> example <br>
The <i>i element</i> example <br>
The <ins>ins element</ins> example <br>
The <kbd>kbd element</kbd> example <br>
The <mark>mark element</mark> example <br>
The <q>q element <q>inside</q> a q element</q> example <br>
The <s>s element</s> example <br>
The <samp>samp element</samp> example <br>
The <small>small element</small> example <br>
The <span>span element</span> example <br>
The <strong>strong element</strong> example <br>
The <sub>sub element</sub> example <br>
The <sup>sup element</sup> example <br>
The <var>var element</var> example <br>
The <u>u element</u> example</p>
* * *

## Embeds

Sometimes all you want to do is embed a little love from another location and set your post alive.

### Video

Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.

Culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

<iframe src="//player.vimeo.com/video/103224792" width="600" height="337" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Slides

Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.

<script async class="speakerdeck-embed" data-id="585245d01ee1013238737e42b879906f" data-ratio="1.77777777777778" src="//speakerdeck.com/assets/embed.js"></script>

Culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### Audio

Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.

<iframe width="100%" height="450" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/52891122&amp;auto_play=false&amp;hide_related=false&amp;show_comments=true&amp;show_user=true&amp;show_reposts=false&amp;visual=true"></iframe>

Culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### Code

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt.

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="bcqhe" data-default-tab="result" data-user="rglazebrook" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/rglazebrook/pen/bcqhe/'>Simple Rotating Spinner</a> by Rob Glazebrook (<a href='http://codepen.io/rglazebrook'>@rglazebrook</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

Isn't it beautiful.

_[HTML]: Hyper Text Markup Language
_[CSS]: Cascading Style Sheets

Commit message:

Add project for my personal website
- Also mark the example post as a draft so it doesn't display

src/content/test-project.md, after:

---
layout: project
title: This is a project
ghimage: https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=anuraghazra&repo=github-readme-stats&show_owner=true
image: img/testimg-cover.jpg
author: [Scott]
date: 2019-09-30T07:03:47.149Z
draft: true
excerpt: This is a test project which has a bunch of stuff in it. Keeping it around for now but disabling
tags:
  - Tests
---

# Heading 1

## Heading 2

### Heading 3

#### Heading 4

##### Heading 5

###### Heading 6

---

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, [test link]() adipiscing elit. **This is strong.** Nullam dignissim convallis est. Quisque aliquam. _This is emphasized._ Donec faucibus. Nunc iaculis suscipit dui. 5<sup>3</sup> = 125. Water is H<sub>2</sub>O. Nam sit amet sem. Aliquam libero nisi, imperdiet at, tincidunt nec, gravida vehicula, nisl. <cite>The New York Times</cite> (That’s a citation). <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Underline</span>. Maecenas ornare tortor. Donec sed tellus eget sapien fringilla nonummy. Mauris a ante. Suspendisse quam sem, consequat at, commodo vitae, feugiat in, nunc. Morbi imperdiet augue quis tellus.

HTML and CSS are our tools. Mauris a ante. Suspendisse quam sem, consequat at, commodo vitae, feugiat in, nunc. Morbi imperdiet augue quis tellus. Praesent mattis, massa quis luctus fermentum, turpis mi volutpat justo, eu volutpat enim diam eget metus. To copy a file type `COPY filename`. <del>Dinner’s at 5:00.</del> <span style="text-decoration:underline;">Let’s make that 7</span>. This <del>text</del> has been struck.

---

## Media

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore.

### Big Image

![Test Image](img/testimg1.jpg)

Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur.

### Small Image

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore.

![Small Test Image](img/testimg2.jpg)

Labore et dolore.

---

## List Types

### Definition List

Definition List Title
: This is a definition list division.

Definition
: An exact statement or description of the nature, scope, or meaning of something: _our definition of what constitutes poetry._

### Ordered List

1. List Item 1
2. List Item 2
   1. Nested list item A
   2. Nested list item B
3. List Item 3

### Unordered List

- List Item 1
- List Item 2
  - Nested list item A
  - Nested list item B
- List Item 3

---

## Table

| Table Header 1 | Table Header 2 | Table Header 3 |
| :------------: | :------------: | :------------: |
|   Division 1   |   Division 2   |   Division 3   |
|   Division 1   |   Division 2   |   Division 3   |
|   Division 1   |   Division 2   |   Division 3   |

---

## Preformatted Text

Typographically, preformatted text is not the same thing as code. Sometimes, a faithful execution of the text requires preformatted text that may not have anything to do with code. Most browsers use Courier and that’s a good default — with one slight adjustment, Courier 10 Pitch over regular Courier for Linux users.

### Code

Code can be presented inline, like `<?php bloginfo('stylesheet_url'); ?>`, or using [jekyll's highlight
filter](http://jekyllrb.com/docs/templates/#code-snippet-highlighting) to
highlight a block of code. Because we have more specific typographic needs for code, we’ll specify Consolas and Monaco ahead of the browser-defined monospace font.

```css
#container {
  float: left;
  margin: 0 -240px 0 0;
  width: 100%;
}
```

---

## Blockquotes

Let’s keep it simple. Italics are good to help set it off from the body text. Be sure to style the citation.

> Good afternoon, gentlemen. I am a HAL 9000 computer. I became operational at the H.A.L. plant in Urbana, Illinois on the 12th of January 1992. My instructor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a song. If you’d like to hear it I can sing it for you. — [HAL 9000](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HAL_9000)

And here’s a bit of trailing text.

---

## Text-level semantics

HTML elements

<p>The <a href="#">a element</a> example <br>
The <abbr>abbr element</abbr> and <abbr title="Title text">abbr element with title</abbr> examples <br>
The <b>b element</b> example <br>
The <cite>cite element</cite> example <br>
The <code>code element</code> example <br>
The <del>del element</del> example <br>
The <dfn>dfn element</dfn> and <dfn title="Title text">dfn element with title</dfn> examples <br>
The <em>em element</em> example <br>
The <i>i element</i> example <br>
The <ins>ins element</ins> example <br>
The <kbd>kbd element</kbd> example <br>
The <mark>mark element</mark> example <br>
The <q>q element <q>inside</q> a q element</q> example <br>
The <s>s element</s> example <br>
The <samp>samp element</samp> example <br>
The <small>small element</small> example <br>
The <span>span element</span> example <br>
The <strong>strong element</strong> example <br>
The <sub>sub element</sub> example <br>
The <sup>sup element</sup> example <br>
The <var>var element</var> example <br>
The <u>u element</u> example</p>
* * *

## Embeds

Sometimes all you want to do is embed a little love from another location and set your post alive.

### Video

Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.

Culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

<iframe src="//player.vimeo.com/video/103224792" width="600" height="337" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Slides

Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.

<script async class="speakerdeck-embed" data-id="585245d01ee1013238737e42b879906f" data-ratio="1.77777777777778" src="//speakerdeck.com/assets/embed.js"></script>

Culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### Audio

Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.

<iframe width="100%" height="450" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/52891122&amp;auto_play=false&amp;hide_related=false&amp;show_comments=true&amp;show_user=true&amp;show_reposts=false&amp;visual=true"></iframe>

Culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

### Code

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt.

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="0" data-slug-hash="bcqhe" data-default-tab="result" data-user="rglazebrook" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/rglazebrook/pen/bcqhe/'>Simple Rotating Spinner</a> by Rob Glazebrook (<a href='http://codepen.io/rglazebrook'>@rglazebrook</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//assets.codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

Isn't it beautiful.

_[HTML]: Hyper Text Markup Language
_[CSS]: Cascading Style Sheets
