src/content/posts/conjob.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: Introducing ConJob
image: img/docker.png
date: 2022-06-10T01:12:19Z
draft: true
excerpt: A service for running containers as jobs
tags:
  - Docker
  - Java
  - CI
---

## What is ConJob?

[ConJob](https://github.com/ScottG489/conjob) is a service for running containers as jobs, with a focus on CI use cases.

A job has 3 defining properties - a name (i.e. the docker image's name), optional inputs, and when finished it returns
the stdout and stderr contents.

## What problem does it solve?

I found a very important aspect missing from nearly all CI offerings: **local reproducibility**.

The first time I can remember being frustrated with a CI job was at my second job, but the first where I
encountered CI. Like many others, my first experience with CI was with [Jenkins](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jenkins_(software)).
The jobs were defined by a script typed into a text area in the Jenkins UI, and the environment was a number of special
snowflake servers we had provisioned manually.

More times than I can remember there would be a failure on CI that we couldn't reproduce locally. This usually involved
making some code changes, pushing them, then seeing if it had the desired effect.

The spiral into insanity would usually look like this:
1. Carefully analyze the problem, write up some elegant code, craft a [nicely written commit message](https://cbea.ms/git-commit/),
   and push.
2. Doesn't work.
3. Do everything the same except faster and less elegant.
...

24. Throw shit at the wall, then run my finely tuned one-liner to "iterate" on my newest idea:
    
    `git commit --no-verify -a -m 'HAAAAAAAAANDS' && git push --force --no-verify`

Although things with CI have gotten better recently with code based configuration (usually YAML files),
this hasn't solved the problem of local reproducibility. Those YAML files can only be consumed by the remote
CI service. There are some tools like [act](https://github.com/nektos/act) for [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions)
which attempt to replicate what's happening on CI when you push your code, but there's no substitute for
the real thing. In fact, the first time I tried to use `act` to replicate a CI issue it was unable to do so.

Since I started using ConJob as the CI server for all my projects, I have yet to find an issue I cannot
replicate on my local machine.

## The solution
ConJob provides as thin of a layer as possible on top of docker. You tell it what image to run,
optionally provide input to the job, then it returns to you any output. This also allows it to be used in a "serverless"
capacity (with the understanding that there will be the usual overhead of starting a container for each request). 

If you must, you could say it's "docker as a service", but please don't.

To reproduce a CI build failure locally, you'd simply run the same image with the same inputs.

## Using ConJob
Getting started with ConJob is easy. Since those using ConJob are likely to be avid users of docker, the best way to
run ConJob is:
```shell
docker run -it \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
  scottg489/conjob
```
Then make a request to run a job:
```shell
curl 'localhost:8080/job/run?image=library/hello-world:latest'
```
Or try making a request with input:
```shell
curl -X POST --data 'foobar' 'localhost:8080/job/run?image=scottg489/echo-job:latest'
```
More info can be found in [the project's README](https://github.com/ScottG489/conjob/blob/master/README.md#build-and-run-from-source)
on how to build and run from source.

### A note on serverless
Since ConJob can run anything you can put in an image and return the result, it also has the possibility to be used
as a serverless backend. This use case is probably best saved for requests that are asynchronous or slow enough so
that the overhead of spinning up a container won't be noticeable.

If you're curious what this would look like, check out my other project [metadiff-ui](https://github.com/ScottG489/metadiff-ui)
(which is, of course, also built on ConJob) and hosted at [metadiff.com](https://metadiff.com) as a proof of concept of
using ConJob in this way, albeit maybe not the best use case.

## A little extra
As avid docker users, you'd probably like to use docker inside your jobs, particularly if you're using it for CI.
To help with this, ConJob allows you to specify a different container runtime. This will be the runtime that the
containers (jobs) being run by ConJob are started with:
```shell
docker run -it \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
  -e CONTAINER_RUNTIME=sysbox_runc \
  scottg489/conjob
```
The [Sysbox](https://github.com/nestybox/sysbox) runtime is perfect for running docker in docker and is really the
underlying technology that made this project feasible.

There are plenty of other configuration options as well such as auth, job limits, and container registry login. For a full
list of all configuration options see the [default-config.yml](https://github.com/ScottG489/conjob/blob/master/default-config.yml)
file.

## Wrapping up
So that's ConJob! Let me know what you think in the comments. I'm looking for any kind of feedback, ideas, or problems
you run into while trying it yourself.

---

For the time being, you can try ConJob with nothing more than an internet connection:

https://try.conjob.io/job/run?image=library/hello-world:latest

Just change the `image` query param to an image that can be run as a job. Also see the `curl` examples above for
providing input to your job.

Be aware that there are some job limitations at the moment. Also be sure to specify an image tag (e.g. "latest").

Commit message:

Update conjob draft wrapping up section
Add short blurb about in depth info and future plans.

- Highlight local reproducibility text as italic and bold

src/content/posts/conjob.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: Introducing ConJob
image: img/docker.png
date: 2022-06-10T01:12:19Z
draft: true
excerpt: A service for running containers as jobs
tags:
  - Docker
  - Java
  - CI
---

## What is ConJob?

[ConJob](https://github.com/ScottG489/conjob) is a service for running containers as jobs, with a focus on CI use cases.

A job has 3 defining properties - a name (i.e. the docker image's name), optional inputs, and when finished it returns
the stdout and stderr contents.

## What problem does it solve?

I found a very important aspect missing from nearly all CI offerings: **local reproducibility**.

The first time I can remember being frustrated with a CI job was at my second job, but the first where I
encountered CI. Like many others, my first experience with CI was with [Jenkins](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jenkins_(software)).
The jobs were defined by a script typed into a text area in the Jenkins UI, and the environment was a number of special
snowflake servers we had provisioned manually.

More times than I can remember there would be a failure on CI that we couldn't reproduce locally. This usually involved
making some code changes, pushing them, then seeing if it had the desired effect.

The spiral into insanity would usually look like this:
1. Carefully analyze the problem, write up some elegant code, craft a [nicely written commit message](https://cbea.ms/git-commit/),
   and push.
2. Doesn't work.
3. Do everything the same except faster and less elegant.
...

24. Throw shit at the wall, then run my finely tuned one-liner to "iterate" on my newest idea:
    
    `git commit --no-verify -a -m 'HAAAAAAAAANDS' && git push --force --no-verify`

Although things with CI have gotten better recently with code based configuration (usually YAML files),
this hasn't solved the problem of local reproducibility. Those YAML files can only be consumed by the remote CI service.

There are some tools like [act](https://github.com/nektos/act) for [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions)
which attempt to replicate what's happening on CI when you push your code, but there's no substitute for
the real thing. In fact, the first time I tried to use `act` to replicate a CI issue it was unable to do so.

***Since I started using ConJob as the CI server for all my projects, I have yet to find an issue I cannot
replicate on my local machine.***

## The solution
ConJob provides as thin of a layer as possible on top of docker. You tell it what image to run,
optionally provide input to the job, then it returns to you any output. This also allows it to be used in a "serverless"
capacity (with the understanding that there will be the usual overhead of starting a container for each request). 

If you must, you could say it's "docker as a service", but please don't.

To reproduce a CI build failure locally, you'd simply run the same image with the same inputs.

## Using ConJob
Getting started with ConJob is easy. Since those using ConJob are likely to be avid users of docker, the best way to
run ConJob is:
```shell
docker run -it \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
  scottg489/conjob
```
Then make a request to run a job:
```shell
curl 'localhost:8080/job/run?image=library/hello-world:latest'
```
Or try making a request with input:
```shell
curl -X POST --data 'foobar' 'localhost:8080/job/run?image=scottg489/echo-job:latest'
```
More info can be found in [the project's README](https://github.com/ScottG489/conjob/blob/master/README.md#build-and-run-from-source)
on how to build and run from source.

### A note on serverless
Since ConJob can run anything you can put in an image and return the result, it also has the possibility to be used
as a serverless backend. This use case is probably best saved for requests that are asynchronous or slow enough so
that the overhead of spinning up a container won't be noticeable.

If you're curious what this would look like, check out my other project [metadiff-ui](https://github.com/ScottG489/metadiff-ui)
(which is, of course, also built on ConJob) and hosted at [metadiff.com](https://metadiff.com) as a proof of concept of
using ConJob in this way, albeit maybe not the best use case.

## A little extra
As avid docker users, you'd probably like to use docker inside your jobs, particularly if you're using it for CI.
To help with this, ConJob allows you to specify a different container runtime. This will be the runtime that the
containers (jobs) being run by ConJob are started with:
```shell
docker run -it \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
  -e CONTAINER_RUNTIME=sysbox_runc \
  scottg489/conjob
```
The [Sysbox](https://github.com/nestybox/sysbox) runtime is perfect for running docker in docker and is really the
underlying technology that made this project feasible.

There are plenty of other configuration options as well such as auth, job limits, and container registry login. For a full
list of all configuration options see the [default-config.yml](https://github.com/ScottG489/conjob/blob/master/default-config.yml)
file.

## Wrapping up
So that's ConJob! There's a lot more going on under the surface such as caching between runs and support for secrets.
Future plans include adding per-job configuration and a UI.
So let me know in the comments if you'd be interested in a deeper dive.
I'm also looking for any kind of feedback, ideas, or problems you run into while trying it yourself.

---

For the time being, you can try ConJob with nothing more than an internet connection:

https://try.conjob.io/job/run?image=library/hello-world:latest

Just change the `image` query param to an image that can be run as a job (i.e. exits on its own).
Also see the `curl` examples above for providing input to your job.

Be aware that there are some job limitations (duration, etc.) at the moment.
Also be sure to specify an image tag (e.g. "latest").
